in this video i will show you how to
drastically lower input delay in all
games using a program that will
tremendously help you boost fps and
lower the input latency in all games if
you want to support my work please don't
forget to leave a like on this video it
will only take you guys a second and it
would help me out so much also guys 89
of you watching my videos are not even
subscribed so make sure that you hit
that subscribe button right now and
without any further ado let's get
straight into today's video so the
program that i'm talking about is the
village performance booster which as you
might have guessed by the name is a
performance boosting software this
software contains a bunch of tweaks
which will tremendously help you boost
frames and mainly lower the input
latency of your pc and improve the
overall performance of your windows now
this is a paid software however before
you click off of this video just hear me
out and then you will realize yourself
that it's a complete steal for the money
you pay and the amount of tweaks and
optimization that the software provides
so this software is nine us dollars
which by the way if you use code
regnetic you will get 10 off and i will
also get a small commission so yeah make
sure that you do that when buying this
software
however let's get into how to buy the
software how to set it up and i'm also
going to show you guys every tweak that
this software has as of the current
version 2.2 so go down into the
description of this video and i will
leave the link to the discord server for
this software that is village
performance booster so once you join the
server the program is made by willow
this nice mate right here and on the
getting started page it shows you how to
use the wheeler's performance booster or
the vpb and it just overviews the main
function that is the game mode of this
program then you go into the faq where
it explains some of the frequently asked
questions and then there is the download
here page which of course will be
unlocked to you after you have paid the
showcase faq feedback which of course
you would always want to read if you
were buying something and you can go
through all of these reviews here but
trust me all of them are very good
reviews and you can go ahead and read
them for yourself so then we move on to
actually buying the program in order to
do that you go up here at the top to
purchase here and you click on this link
to purchase the program you can use a
shopee or cash app and by the way choppy
supports paypal bitcoin ethereum so you
go ahead and click on that link you go
ahead and click on purchase select your
method then enter your email blah blah
blah by the way make sure that you use
code recognitic so that you get 10
percent off and it will also give me a
small commission so yeah make sure that
you go ahead and use code magnetic when
buying this software and after you are
done you open up this ticket and you can
read all of the steps right here and
they will give you the access within 24
hours and after that you get access to
the paid chat as well as this paid
option right here which includes
announcements download requests bug
reboots and all that good stuff so you
go ahead download here download the
program the current version will be
listed right here the program also has a
command line version which only includes
the key mode for lighter purposes but i
would just recommend using the interface
program in most cases so assuming that
you have now purchased and downloaded
the software right click run as admin
well that's actually basically just my
habit but you can go ahead and open it
up once here you go through the register
process into your discard your username
submit and then you go into login and
login through there so i'm just gonna
log in and yeah so here it is so this is
the interface of the program pretty
basic i know but keeping it clean is
what i prefer as well if you have seen
my program so we're going to start off
by decay mode settings now this is the
most powerful setting as stated by
willow himself inside of this program
which will if you go ahead and turn the
game mode on it will suspend even login
so basically it will kill the dwm
process and things like hotkeys etc will
not work which will give you in turn
better performance it will also kill
explorer so taskbar desktop all that
stuff stop unneeded services stop
drivers and set a lot of windows
processes and services to low priority
and also free memory what you can do is
just go ahead and toggle the game mode
on minimize this and play the game and
after you are done playing the game just
go ahead and turn the game mode off so
you can go ahead and turn it on and turn
it off also you can go ahead and set a
shortcut key for the game mode on off
toggle so for example if i want to set
it to maybe alt plus a so i'm gonna tick
alt and type in a and then just save i'm
not gonna do that i use it from here and
also you might see this dialog box here
so this is used when you have turned off
the game mode so while the game mode is
turned on you don't need to use this
however if you want to use this you will
need to turn off the game mode and then
set the priority to low normal or high
and you might ask what priority so this
is actually the twm or the desktop
composition as most people say it
priority which by default is set to high
you can go ahead and set it to low for
better input but it might cause some
desktop issues so i would normally just
leave it b and just turn on the game
mode while i'm playing the game and turn
off later on and turn off after i'm done
playing then moving on to the cpu tab
inside of here it has disable idle which
will go ahead and disable the idle for
your power plan which does show 100 cpu
utilization as it says right here as
well in the task manager which is a bug
because your cpu is not at 100
utilization it's just a visual bug
inside of the task manager keep in mind
that this will cause high temperatures
uh so go ahead and test disable idle
versus enable idle enable idle is
actually the default setting so if you
have ever disabled idle you might want
to try enable idle then there is the set
0.5 ms timer resolution which i'm pretty
sure all of you are familiar with it's
basically timer resolution but built
into the program itself so you can go
ahead and set to 0.5 or back to 1ms if
you want then moving on to compositing
and this one right here will kill dwm
which can cause black screen but it will
automatically fix itself if you don't
change anything most of the times it
will work completely properly then there
is the toggle full screen exclusive now
don't confuse this with full screen
optimizations because for the full
screen optimizations we want to turn
them off however for toggle full screen
exclusive we want to set it to enabled
so i have it enabled would you like to
disable it no by the way if you guys are
wondering why i'm not clicking on most
of the options it's because i'm
recording the video and i don't want to
mess up my recording then you want to
restore dwm if you have killed it
previously restart graphics drivers
pretty self-explanatory if you ask me
then there is the system cleanup free
memory which is going to clean up
standby list and also lowers the memory
usage svc split threshold what this does
is automatically detects your ram and
groups a lot of windows processes so if
i go into the task manager to quickly
show you guys scroll down to windows
processes as you guys can see that i
have a lot of these processes grouped
together inside of a one process which
actually helps in decreasing the overall
number of processes right here now this
will not help with frames but you can
use it to lower the number of processes
that you have so you all you guys need
to do is just go ahead and click on this
button and done then there is the clean
temp files with the self-explanatory
once again device cleanup it is going to
clean up all of the unused devices that
were previously connected to your pc
disable services slash drivers disables
all of the useless services and drivers
disable windows updates once again
pretty self-explanatory it disables
windows updates and some of you guys
might be concerned why we are disabling
windows updates so the reason for that
is actually windows introduces more
bloatware and security patches which
will lower the performance with each
update also windows updates will revert
all of the tweaks that you have
previously applied so you will have to
go through all of them again that is the
reason we disable windows updates then
there is the disable security features
which is going to disable all of the
security features such as the micro
codes the mitigations and windows
security patches windows firewall and
stuff like that all of that is for
security purposes however that
tremendously decreases your performance
so i will leave it up to you however i
highly recommend you guys to disable all
of the security features and just beware
while you're searching the web then we
go into the preference tweaks so as the
name implies all of these are personal
preference win32 priority well you can
also use the custom value but i would
recommend you guys to just stick with 26
and that's it then there is the large
pages tweak which will allow processes
to use large memory regions so yeah just
go ahead and click on that and basically
that's done then there is the mouse q
size which of course changes the buffer
for your mouse and keyboard so you go
ahead and set this to 30 or 20. i
generally recommend setting both of
these to 20 because the lower it is the
lower input delay you will get however
if you set it too low then you might
experience some mouse teleportation key
is not registering and stuff like that
then the csrss real-time priority so
csrss actually controls the input to
windows so if you set it to real time it
will help you lower the input delay then
there is reboot is required well i don't
want to reboot right now but we will at
the end then there is the disable menu
delay which just disables the all that
mouse menu delete stuff then moving on
to installers so you can install prosex
explorer which is actually an
alternative to the task manager which i
highly recommend install legendary an
alternative to epic games launcher and
real audio which does say that it helps
with audio latency while running then
there is the myth stuff where you can go
ahead and change color and all that good
stuff you can set it to start up and set
the delay then there is the exit warning
so that if you exit it lost whether you
want to exit or not minimize to system
tree instead of minimizing it down to
taskbar and then there is the credits
which credits those people that have
helped him with the program uh then we
move on to gpu so apply gpu tweaks this
is going to automatically detect whether
you have an nvidia gpu or an amd gpu and
apply tweaks according to that then we
import nip this is going to only work
for nvidia gpus that you should probably
know so there are three type of profiles
the single player the multiplayer and
the basic one so all of these focus on
different stuff which if you guys want
to go ahead and look into more detail
about each and every function inside of
this program what you can do is go into
their discord so after you are in his
discord go into the faq and go ahead and
open up this link which will go ahead
and show you guys the what each and
every setting inside of this program
does so you can go ahead and read
through all of this or just watch my
video it's basically the same thing so
select whichever one you want for most
online games you would want the
multiplayer for single player games you
will want this one and for overall basic
functions just go ahead and use the
basic one i would recommend the
multiplayer because i know that most
people play multiplayer games anyways so
after you have selected that exit out of
this then you can go into deep load and
there are actually a lot of options you
can keep load discord keep load brave
debug chrome firefox spotify and even
deep load windows all you guys need to
do is just one click and that's it you
can close out of this you can go into
the program launcher so this feature is
useful when you use it along with the
game mode so when you have the game mode
on of course you won't be able to use
your taskbar and your desktop so what
you can do is actually put the programs
that you might want to launch inside of
here and then launch them through here
so an example will be let's go into the
file location go on to desktop and i'm
just gonna go ahead and select rufus i'm
gonna name it rufus and ad so now if i
click on this it is going to launch that
program without having to go there so
you can add your games and programs that
you might want to launch right here and
you can go ahead and remove them by
clicking reset and then close then
moving on to the performance tweaks
disable power saving features
self-explanatory disables all of the
power saving features apply storage
tweaks applies these storage tweaks that
are designed to help you optimize your
storage apply network tweaks so these
ones are actually interesting what i
want you to do is basically copy my
settings right here so after you are
done copying my settings i want to
explain the two of these so the two of
these the net dma and the chimney
offload will actually help you lower cpu
usage but at the cost of higher network
latency which i to be honest don't want
because my cpu usage is already very low
however if you are suffering from high
cpu usage then you might want to turn
them on after that just hit apply and
that's it close out of this mmcss tweaks
basically applies the multimedia class
schedule tweaks pretty basic and that's
it we are done with applying all of the
tweaks inside of this program so as you
guys can see uh the program has a ton of
tweaks and not just placeable they are
actually useful tweaks including
features like deep loading gpu tweaks i
mean all the good stuff so for nine
dollars i would definitely call it a
steel and if you use code magnetic you
would also get 10 percent off so yeah
definitely go ahead and check out this
program and download it and use it to
optimize your pc so yeah that's
basically it for today i will also link
other useful guides that will actually
help you with getting more fps and
lowering the input delay in the
description of this video so make sure
to check those out if you have any
questions feel free to drop them in the
comments i try to reply to every single
one of you and also if this video helped
you then make sure to leave a like down
below it will help me out so so much and
also subscribe to the channel guys as i
said 89 of you watching my videos are
not even subscribed so make sure that
you do that right now and with that i
guess i'll see you in the next one until
then stay awesome
[Music]
uh